fix: conflicts between next and main v2 (#281)
freenowtech/wave: docs/migrating.mdx

---
name: Migrating
route: /migrating
cardHeadline: Migrating
cardSubHeadline: Migrating from one major version to the next with ease.
---

## From v1 to v2

A codemod exists to upgrade your components for this version.

```bash
npx jscodeshift -t node_modules/@freenow/wave/codemods/v2.ts path/to/src
```

### Button and TextButton

> The `block` property used to act as a shortcut to give the button components a width of 100%. In the future, use the `width` property
> directly. It uses the styled-system variable, which is a lot more flexible than just the boolean flag.

Reviewer: What do you think about different phrasing:

```suggestion
The `block` property is removed. Use `width='100%'` instead. The `width` allows to set value for each breakpoint which is a lot more flexible than just the boolean flag.
```
